Mostly minor changes to Chapter 10, one big reordering (#958)
browserengineering/book: book/security.md

The web fixes this problem with cookies\index{cookie}. A cookie---the name is
meaningless, ignore it---is a little bit of information stored by your
browser on behalf of a web server. The cookie distinguishes your
browser from any other, and is sent with each web request so the
server can distinguish which requests come from whom. In effect,
a cookie is a decentralized, server-granted identity for your browser.

> Here's the technical details. An HTTP response can contain a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here are the technical details. An HTTP response can contain a
```

Since cookies are site-specific, our cookie jar will map sites to
cookies. Note that the cookie jar is global, not limited to a
particular tab. That means that if you're logged in to a website and
you open a second tab, you're logged in on that tab as
well.[^multiple-resources]

[^multiple-resources]: Moreover, since `request` can be called multiple

>     times on one page, to CSS and JavaScript, later requests transmit

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    times on one page---to load CSS and JavaScript, say---later requests transmit
```
